move Linux build instructions to code repo from wiki (#3657)
mixxxdj/mixxx: INSTALL-Linux.md

This document explains how to compile and install Mixxx from source code on Linux.

# Install build dependencies

## Debian & Derivatives (e.g. Ubuntu, Raspbian)

There is a script in the code repository that will download and install all dependencies:
```sh
tools/debian_buildenv.sh setup
```

## Fedora

On Fedora, [enable the RPMFusion package repository](http://rpmfusion.org/Configuration).
You only need to enable the *free* repository; the *nonfree* repository is not necessary for Mixxx.
Then run:
``` sh
sudo dnf groupinstall "Development Tools"
sudo dnf install gcc-c++ ccache qt5-declarative-devel fdk-aac-free
sudo dnf builddep mixxx
```

## Arch & Derivatives

> If you are developing on Arch, you should have the
> [base-devel group](https://www.archlinux.org/groups/x86_64/base-devel)
> installed.
> 
> The tools you are going to need for working with Mixxx are:
> ``` sh
> sudo pacman -S --needed git gcc cmake
> ```
> Alternatively, you can substitute gcc with clang.
> 
> Then install the dependencies:
> ``` sh
> sudo pacman -S --needed protobuf vamp-plugin-sdk rubberband soundtouch \
>     chromaprint libid3tag taglib \
>     lame libogg libmad libvorbis libmp4v2 faad2 opusfile wavpack \
>     libshout libsndfile portmidi portaudio \
>     sqlite upower lilv libopenmpt-modplug \
>     qt5-declarative qtkeychain-qt5 qt5-svg
> ```
> 
> > Note: This will soon be integrated with the AUR packages (https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/mixxx-git and https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/mixxx_beta-git)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to install the development tools:

    # pacman -S base-devel git cmake

Mixxx dependencies can be installed from the [AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/mixxx-git/):

    $ git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/mixxx-git.git
    $ cd mixxx-git
    $ makepkg -soe
```

If you want to make a debug build, add `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DDEBUG_ASSERTIONS_FATAL=ON` to the end of the cmake configure command.
Debug builds should be started with the command line option `--debugAssertBreak` to trigger a breakpoint in the debugger if debug
assertions are violated or to abort Mixxx immediately. This ensures that messages about violated debug assertions are not missed between various other debug log messages. We recommend this if you are working on Mixxx code, but not if you are performing with Mixxx.

## Non-System Qt

To build Mixxx with a version of Qt older or newer than your distribution's package manager, download the latest [Qt source
code](https://download.qt.io/archive/qt/). For each Qt version, it is available at that link in a directory called "single" and has a filename like `qt-everywhere-src-VERSION.tar.xz`. Extract that archive and compile the source code:

```shell
tar xf qt-everywhere-src-VERSION.tar.xz
cd qt-everywhere-src-VERSION
./configure -prefix /path/to/qt/install -system-sqlite -sql-sqlite -qt-zlib -opensource -confirm-license -nomake examples -nomake tests -skip qt3d -skip qtwebengine
make -j`nproc`
make install
```

> Append `-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/path/to/qt/install` (where `/path/to/qt/install` is the path you used when building Qt) to the cmake configure command to instruct cmake to prefer the Qt version from that path.

Reviewer: This should be removed. We can just put a link to Qt's build instructions if it's really deemed necessary to mention this explicitly. But IMHO the better approach is to just explain what CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH can be used to add additional search directories for dependencies.

Reviewer 2: "... for example to build with non-system Qt (link to our wiki in case our instructions are easier to digest than having to collect it from various stackoverflow answers)
